team delivery
okay
all right just like with the tension
yeah we can host this on YouTube for the
[Music]
give it a couple of pushes that guys
here we go there we go
looking steamy and hot good cover
that's your past that really a champ
good job beauty over the Honda
horsepower yeah she's fun
mom's gonna clean her up now lick it
clean
yeah pick the old cow Paul you know the
concern mum's having a look
it's quiet mm-hmm oh those legs are
strong buddy yeah I think you're pretty
worn out there what do you think girls
it's a first first calf you seen hey
baby Jimmy all oblivious to this yeah
is that cool did you say all that have a
little bit closer ever see the Mummy's
gonna lick lick lick the baby calf now
to make a nice and clean and she's gonna
lick it nice and clean because the baby
calf he's a bit tired too while she sees
breathing she she's breathing
she's nice location of this birth here
it goes dry but yeah you probably stay
there don't walk around just stay over
here please
yeah that's that's what she'll eat that
later it's already sitting up down for
your they're pretty cool Maisie we'll
see it when we get home okay so yeah
that's about me talking the baby cow
baby can taste like hey I think that 631
yeah it's okay that's that's what the
baby with baby cup has been sleeping in
and living in and growing in yeah like
mark Ozzy's furnace hot cut there you go
how about that I know let's leave mommy
alone
let's leave mommy have our own little
time with a new little bubsy okay